# QuickbaseAssignment

The solution is split into 3 different parts:

1st part -
    externals.py is a script which retreives and holds the necessary variables, personal tokens, urls, script inputs.
    Currently it receives the user input as launch arguments, however this functionality can be changed with the commented code.
    The reason is explained in the 3rd part.
    I am using the launch arguments, as it greatly reduced time for testing, and it allows the test module to run.
    I wasn't able to find a way for different behaviour (launch args vs cmd input) based on the caller (test_request.py/request.py).

2nd part -
    request.py is the script which processes the main logic, getting user date from github and posting it as a contact to freshdesk.
    it can also get user data from freshdesk and remove contacts via id.

3rd part -
    test_request.py is the script which conducts the testing.
    The script is split in 2 parts, Unit tests and Integration tests.
    In the first part, utilizing unittest and its MagicMock object, the script run several unit tests on core functionality.
    In the second part, the tests use some dummy data, run the requests from request.py, and assert that the results received are the ones expected.

aside from the main 3 components trere are several other files namely:
.vscode/
    settings - a file which was autogenerated by vscode with settings for the extensions
    launch - a file which has launch configurations for the debugging extension used
__pycache__
    externals/request.cpython-310.pyc - automatically generated cache files, not sure what their purpose and contents are